Explains "gateway," "origin," and DNSLink (#1016)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/install/ipfs-companion.md

### Detect URLs with IPFS paths

> IPFS Companion detects and tests requests for IPFS-like paths, such as `/ipfs/{cid}` or `/ipns/{peerid_or_host-with-dnslink}`, on any website. If a path is a valid IPFS address, it is redirected to load from your local gateway, which converts data from one protocol to another. The gateway at `localhost` will also automatically switch to a subdomain to provide a unique origin for each website, to accommodate operations that are restricted to same-origin content (content that shares the same protocol, domain, and port).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IPFS Companion detects and tests requests for IPFS-like paths, such as `/ipfs/{cid}` or `/ipns/{peerid_or_host-with-dnslink}`, on any website. If a path is a valid IPFS address, it is redirected to load from your local gateway, which converts data from one protocol to another. The gateway at `localhost` will also automatically switch to a subdomain to provide a unique origin for each website. To accommodates operations that are restricted to content that shares the same protocol, domain, and port - also known as [same-origin content](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same-origin_policy#:~:text=In%20computing%2C%20the%20same%2Dorigin,pages%20have%20the%20same%20origin).
```

Parentheses often make automatic language translators go a bit weird, so we try not to use them if we can help it.

> `https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmbWqxBEKC3P8tqsKc98xmWNzrzDtRLMiMPL8wBuTGsMnR`  
> → `http://localhost:8080/ipfs/QmbWqxBEKC3P8tqsKc98xmWNzrzDtRLMiMPL8wBuTGsMnR`
> → `http://bafybeigdyrzt5sfp7udm7hu76uh7y26nf3efuylqabf3oclgtqy55fbzdi.ipfs.localhost:8080`

### Detect DNSLink-enabled URLs

> IPFS Companion detects DNSLink info in the DNS records of websites. DNSLink is a simple protocol that links content and serviceability from DNS and leverages the DNS distributed architecture. If a site uses DNSLink, IPFS Companion redirects the HTTP request to your local gateway:

Author: Will add link and fix accommodateS typo in paragraph above in new PR.... (Future PRs will have a better workflow. Cleaning up PRs I created as I was learning.)
